{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset161 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 horror\par
\par
 the immortal rules\par
\par
To survive in a ruined world, she must embrace the darkness\u133?\par
\par
Allison Sekemoto survives in the Fringe, the outermost circle of a walled-in city. By day, she and her crew scavenge for food. By night, any one of them could be eaten. Some days, all that drives Allie is her hatred of them\emdash the vampires who keep humans as blood cattle. Until the night Allie herself dies and becomes one of the monsters.\par
\par
Forced to flee her city, Allie must pass for human as she joins a ragged group of pilgrims seeking a legend\emdash a place that might have a cure for the disease that killed off most of civilization and created the rabids, the bloodthirsty creatures who threaten human and vampire alike. And soon Allie will have to decide what and who is worth dying for\u133? again.\par
\par
Enter Julie Kagawa's dark and twisted world as an unforgettable journey begins.\par
\par
\par
author : Julie Kagawa\par
Published April 24th 2012 by Harlequin Teen\par
Original TitleThe Immortal Rules\par
\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
\par
CharactersAllison Sekemoto, Stick, Kanin, Jackal, Zeke Crosse\par
Literary AwardsGoodreads Choice Award Nominee for Best Young Adult Fantasy & Science Fiction (2012)\par
\par
\par
the vampires hunter daughters:\par
\par
\par
This special edition of The Vampire Hunter\rquote s Daughter contains parts I-VI, the complete collection. Fourteen-year-old Chloe witnesses her mother\rquote s murder at the hands of a vampire. Before the vampire can kidnap her, there is an unexpected rescue by a group of vampire hunters. Overwhelmed by the feeling of safety, Chloe passes out and they whisk her away to their small community. When Chloe wakes, she comes face to face with the only other living relative, besides her mother, whom she has ever met: her grandfather. Chloe\rquote s mother kept her hidden from the family; now, Chloe tries to unveil the family secrets. Through her grandfather, she learns her mother was a vampire hunter. In fact, her entire family is descended from the powerful bloodlines of vampire hunters. Chloe agrees to join the family she has never known for one reason only: Chloe vows to kill the vampire responsible for her mother\rquote s murder. With vengeance in her soul, Chloe is even more determined to follow through on her vow when she discovers the true identity of her enemy and how he is connected to her. Experience the world of vampires hunter\rquote s, vampires and mythology with Chloe in this exciting series.\par
\par
\par
 Jennifer Malone Wright\par
\par
Published June 5th 2012 by Jennichad Books\par
\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesThe Vampire Hunter's Daughter \par
\par
\par
\par
the wronged sons :\par
\par
What would you do if the person you loved suddenly vanished into thin air? \par
\par
Catherine\rquote s cosy life as a housewife and mum-of-three is quickly thrown into disarray when husband Simon disappears without explanation. She is convinced he hasn\rquote t left by choice as confusion and spiraling debts threaten to tear her family apart. \par
\par
Meanwhile Simon has begun a carefree new life travelling the world. And he\rquote s determined not to disclose his past to all he meets, even if it means resorting to extreme and violent measures.\par
\par
But why did he leave? Catherine only gets her answer 25 years later when Simon suddenly reappears on her doorstep.\par
\par
During their furious final confrontation, they discover the secrets, lies and misunderstandings that tore them apart, then brought them face-to-face one last time\par
\par
.\par
\par
\par
\par
Published July 26th 2014 by John Marrs (first published September 5th 2013)\par
\par
\par
feed:\par
\par
The year was 2014. We had cured cancer. We had beaten the common cold. But in doing so we created something new, something terrible that no one could stop. \par
\par
The infection spread, virus blocks taking over bodies and minds with one, unstoppable command: FEED. Now, twenty years after the Rising, bloggers Georgia and Shaun Mason are on the trail of the biggest story of their lives\emdash the dark conspiracy behind the infected. \par
\par
The truth will get out, even if it kills them.\par
\par
\par
Published May 1st 2010 by Orbit\par
Original TitleFeed\par
ISBN 0316081051 (ISBN13: 9780316081054)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
\par
SeriesNewsflesh #1\par
CharactersGeorgia Mason, Shaun Mason, Georgette "Buffy" Meissonier, Peter Ryman, Richard Cousins, Rebecca Atherton, Alaric Kwong, Mahir Gowda...less\par
\par
\par
\par
rot and ruin\par
\par
\par
In the zombie-infested, post-apocalyptic America where Benny Imura lives, every teenager must find a job by the time they turn fifteen or get their rations cut in half. Benny doesn't want to apprentice as a zombie hunter with his boring older brother Tom, but he has no choice. He expects a tedious job whacking zoms for cash, but what he gets is a vocation that will teach him what it means to be human.\par
\par
 Jonathan Maberry \par
\par
Original TitleRot & Ruin\par
ISBN 1442402326 (ISBN13: 9781442402324)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesRot & Ruin #1\par
CharactersBenjamin Imura, Tom Imura, Nix Riley settingCalifornia (United States) \par
\par
Literary AwardsBram Stoker Award Nominee for Best Novel (2010), Lincoln Award Nominee (2016), Cybils Award for Young Adult Fantasy & Science Fiction (2010), Missouri Gateway Readers Award (2013)\par
\par
\par
\par
the hauting of hill house\par
\par
\par
Shirley Jackson, Laura Miller \par
\par
First published in 1959, Shirley Jackson's The Haunting of Hill House has been hailed as a perfect work of unnerving terror. It is the story of four seekers who arrive at a notoriously unfriendly pile called Hill House: Dr. Montague, an occult scholar looking for solid evidence of a "haunting"; Theodora, his lighthearted assistant; Eleanor, a friendless, fragile young woman well acquainted with poltergeists; and Luke, the future heir of Hill House. At first, their stay seems destined to be merely a spooky encounter with inexplicable phenomena. But Hill House is gathering its powers\emdash and soon it will choose one of them to make its own. \par
\par
Published November 28th 2006 by Penguin Classics (first published 1959)\par
Original TitleThe Haunting \f1\'eff Hill House\par
ISBN 0143039989 (ISBN13: 9780143039983)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
CharactersDr. John Montague, Eleanor Vance, Theodora (The Haunting of Hill House), Luke Sanderson, Mrs. Montague\par
Literary AwardsNational Book Award Finalist for Fiction (1960)\par
\par
\par
anna dressed in blood\par
\par
\par
by Kendare Blake\par
\par
Cas Lowood has inherited an unusual vocation: He kills the dead.\par
\par
So did his father before him, until he was gruesomely murdered by a ghost he sought to kill. Now, armed with his father's mysterious and deadly athame, Cas travels the country with his kitchen-witch mother and their spirit-sniffing cat. They follow legends and local lore, destroy the murderous dead, and keep pesky things like the future and friends at bay.\par
\par
Searching for a ghost the locals call Anna Dressed in Blood, Cas expects the usual: track, hunt, kill. What he finds instead is a girl entangled in curses and rage, a ghost like he's never faced before. She still wears the dress she wore on the day of her brutal murder in 1958: once white, now stained red and dripping with blood. Since her death, Anna has killed any and every person who has dared to step into the deserted Victorian she used to call home.\par
\par
Yet she spares Cas's life. \par
\par
Published October 17th 2011 by Tor Teen\par
Original TitleAnna Dressed in Blood\par
ISBN 0765328658 (ISBN13: 9780765328656)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesAnna #1\par
CharactersCas Lowood, Anna Korlov settingThunder Bay, Ontario (Canada) \par
\par
Literary AwardsLincoln Award Nominee (2015), Cybils Award Nominee for Fantasy & Science Fiction (Young Adult) (2011), Missouri Gateway Readers Award Nominee (2014)\par
\par
\par
the exorcist\par
\par
William Peter Blatty\par
\par
\par
Four decades after it first shook the nation, then the world, William Peter Blatty's thrilling masterwork of faith and demonic possession returns in an even more powerful form. Raw and profane, shocking and blood-chilling, it remains a modern parable of good and evil and perhaps the most terrifying novel ever written.\par
\par
Published February 1st 1994 by HarperTorch (first published 1971)\par
Original TitleThe Exorcist\par
ISBN 0061007226 (ISBN13: 9780061007224)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesThe Exorcist #1\par
CharactersLankester Merrin, Pazuzu, Damien Karras, Regan MacNeil, Chris MacNeil\par
Literary AwardsCalifornia Book Award Gold Medal Nominee for Fiction (1971), Audie Award for Narration by the Author or Authors (2000)\par
\par
\par
sci-fi::::\par
\par
\par
enders game\par
\par
by Orson Scott Card\par
\par
Andrew "Ender" Wiggin thinks he is playing computer simulated war games; he is, in fact, engaged in something far more desperate. The result of genetic experimentation, Ender may be the military genius Earth desperately needs in a war against an alien enemy seeking to destroy all human life. The only way to find out is to throw Ender into ever harsher training, to chip away and find the diamond inside, or destroy him utterly. Ender Wiggin is six years old when it begins. He will grow up fast.\par
\par
But Ender is not the only result of the experiment. The war with the Buggers has been raging for a hundred years, and the quest for the perfect general has been underway almost as long. Ender's two older siblings, Peter and Valentine, are every bit as unusual as he is, but in very different ways. While Peter was too uncontrollably violent, Valentine very nearly lacks the capability for violence altogether. Neither was found suitable for the military's purpose. But they are driven by their jealousy of Ender, and by their inbred drive for power. Peter seeks to control the political process, to become a ruler. Valentine's abilities turn more toward the subtle control of the beliefs of commoner and elite alike, through powerfully convincing essays. Hiding their youth and identities behind the anonymity of the computer networks, these two begin working together to shape the destiny of Earth-an Earth that has no future at all if their brother Ender fails.\par
\par
\par
\par
Literary AwardsHugo Award Nominee for Best Novel (2011), Shirley Jackson Award Nominee for Novel (Finalist) (2010), Goodreads Choice Award for Science Fiction (2010)\par
\par
\par
\par
the hungers game\par
\par
by Suzanne Collins\par
\par
The nation of Panem, formed from a post-apocalyptic North America, is a country that consists of a wealthy Capitol region surrounded by 12 poorer districts. Early in its history, a rebellion led by a 13th district against the Capitol resulted in its destruction and the creation of an annual televised event known as the Hunger Games. In punishment, and as a reminder of the power and grace of the Capitol, each district must yield one boy and one girl between the ages of 12 and 18 through a lottery system to participate in the games. The 'tributes' are chosen during the annual Reaping and are forced to fight to the death, leaving only one survivor to claim victory.\par
\par
When 16-year-old Katniss's young sister, Prim, is selected as District 12's female representative, Katniss volunteers to take her place. She and her male counterpart Peeta, are pitted against bigger, stronger representatives, some of whom have trained for this their whole lives. , she sees it as a death sentence. But Katniss has been close to death before. For her, survival is second nature. \par
\par
\par
Published September 14th 2008 by Scholastic Press\par
Original TitleThe Hunger Games\par
ISBN 0439023483 (ISBN13: 9780439023481)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
URLhttp://www.hungergamestrilogy.net\par
SeriesThe Hunger Games #1\par
CharactersKatniss Everdeen, Peeta Mellark, Cato, Primrose Everdeen, Gale Hawthorne...more settingDistrict 12, Panem \par
Capitol, Panem \par
Panem (United States) \par
\par
Literary AwardsGeorgia Peach Book Award (2009), Buxtehuder Bulle (2009), Golden Duck Award for Hal Clement Award for Young Adult (2009), Books I Loved Best Yearly (BILBY) Awards for Older Readers (2012), West Australian Young Readers' Book Award (WAYRBA) for Older Readers (2010)\par
\par
\par
\par
the giver:\par
\par
by Lois Lowry\par
\par
\par
Twelve-year-old Jonas lives in a seemingly ideal world. Not until he is given his life assignment as the Receiver does he begin to understand the dark secrets behind this fragile community.\par
\par
1994 Newbery Medal winner. Twelve-year-old Jonas lives in a seemingly ideal world. Not until he is given his life assignment as the Receiver does he begin to understand the dark secrets behind this fragile community.\par
\par
Published January 24th 2006 by Ember (first published April 26th 1993)\par
Original TitleThe Giver\par
ISBN 0385732554 (ISBN13: 9780385732550)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesThe Giver #1\par
CharactersRosemary, Fiona Waters, Mother, Father, Jonas...more\par
Literary AwardsNewbery Medal (1994), Mythopoeic Fantasy Award Nominee for Children's Literature (1994), Golden Duck Award for Hal Clement Award for Young Adult (1994), Garden State Book Award for Teen Fiction Grades 6-8 (1996), Rebecca Caudill Young Reader's Book Award (1996) \par
\par
\par
\par
contact\par
\par
\par
by Carl Sagan\par
\par
For centuries humanity has dreamed of life and intelligence beyond the Earth; for decades scientists have searched for it in every corner of the sky; for years Project Argus, a vast, sophisticated complex of radio telescopes, has listened for a signal indicating the existence, somewhere in the universe, of extraterrestrial intelligence.\par
\par
Then, one afternoon, the course of human history is changed, abruptly and forever. The Message, awaited for so long, it's very possibility doubted by so many, arrives.\par
\par
Contact has been made. Life, intelligence, someone, something beyond Earth, 26 light-years away, in the vicinity of the star Vega, is calling, beaming across space a wholly unexpected message to say that we are not - have never been - alone. \par
\par
Published August 28th 1997 by Pocket (first published September 1985)\par
Original TitleContact\par
ISBN 2266079999 (ISBN13: 9782266079990)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
CharactersEllie Arroway settingWyoming (United States) \par
\par
Literary AwardsLocus Award for Best First Novel (1986)\par
\par
\par
the time machine\par
\par
by H.G. Wells, Greg Bear\par
\par
So begins the Time Traveller\rquote s astonishing firsthand account of his journey 800,000 years beyond his own era\emdash and the story that launched H.G. Wells\rquote s successful career and earned him his reputation as the father of science fiction. With a speculative leap that still fires the imagination, Wells sends his brave explorer to face a future burdened with our greatest hopes...and our darkest fears. A pull of the Time Machine\rquote s lever propels him to the age of a slowly dying Earth.  There he discovers two bizarre races\emdash the ethereal Eloi and the subterranean Morlocks\emdash who not only symbolize the duality of human nature, but offer a terrifying portrait of the men of tomorrow as well.  Published in 1895, this masterpiece of invention captivated readers on the threshold of a new century. Thanks to Wells\rquote s expert storytelling and provocative insight, The Time Machine will continue to enthrall readers for generations to come.\par
\par
Published October 1st 2002 by Signet Classics (first published May 7th 1895)\par
Original TitleThe Time Machine\par
ISBN 0451528557 (ISBN13: 9780451528551)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
CharactersWeena, The Time Traveller settingLondon, England (United Kingdom) \par
\par
\par
\par
the martian chronicles\par
\par
ray bradbury\par
\par
The strange and wonderful tale of man\rquote s experiences on Mars, filled with intense images and astonishing visions. Now part of the Voyager Classics collection.\par
The Martian Chronicles tells the story of humanity\rquote s repeated attempts to colonize the red planet. The first men were few. Most succumbed to a disease they called the Great Loneliness when they saw their home planet dwindle to the size of a fist. They felt they had never been born. Those few that survived found no welcome on Mars. The shape-changing Martians thought they were native lunatics and duly locked them up.\par
\par
But more rockets arrived from Earth, and more, piercing the hallucinations projected by the Martians. People brought their old prejudices with them \endash  and their desires and fantasies, tainted dreams. These were soon inhabited by the strange native beings, with their caged flowers and birds of flame.\par
\par
\par
snow crash\par
\par
neal stephenson\par
\par
In reality, Hiro Protagonist delivers pizza for Uncle Enzo\rquote s CosoNostra Pizza Inc., but in the Metaverse he\rquote s a warrior prince. Plunging headlong into the enigma of a new computer virus that\rquote s striking down hackers everywhere, he races along the neon-lit streets on a search-and-destroy mission for the shadowy virtual villain threatening to bring about infocalypse. Snow Crash is a mind-altering romp through a future America so bizarre, so outrageous\'85you\rquote ll recognize it immediately. \par
\par
Published August 2nd 2000 by Bantam Books (first published June 1992)\par
Original TitleSnow Crash\par
ISBN 0553380958 (ISBN13: 9780553380958)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
CharactersHiro Protagonist, Y.T., Da5id Meier, Juanita Marquez, Dr. Emanuel Lagos...more settingUnited States of America \par
\par
Literary AwardsArthur C. Clarke Award Nominee (1994), British Science Fiction Association Award Nominee (1993), Grand Prix de l'Imaginaire for Roman \f0\'e9tranger (1997), Prometheus Award Nominee for Best Novel (1993), Washington State Book Award (1993)\par
\par
\par
love::::\par
\par
\par
romeo and juliet\par
\par
by William Shakespeare, Robert Jackson\par
\par
In Romeo and Juliet, Shakespeare creates a world of violence and generational conflict in which two young people fall in love and die because of that love. The story is rather extraordinary in that the normal problems faced by young lovers are here so very large. It is not simply that the families of Romeo and Juliet disapprove of the lover's affection for each other; rather, the Montagues and the Capulets are on opposite sides in a blood feud and are trying to kill each other on the streets of Verona. Every time a member of one of the two families dies in the fight, his relatives demand the blood of his killer. Because of the feud, if Romeo is discovered with Juliet by her family, he will be killed. Once Romeo is banished, the only way that Juliet can avoid being married to someone else is to take a potion that apparently kills her, so that she is burried with the bodies of her slain relatives. In this violent, death-filled world, the movement of the story from love at first sight to the union of the lovers in death seems almost inevitable.\par
What is so striking about this play is that despite its extraordinary setting (one perhaps reflecting Elizabethan attitudes about hot-blooded Italians), it has become the quintessential story of young love. Because most young lovers feel that they have to overcome giant obstacles in order to be together, because they feel that they would rather die than be kept apart, and especially because the language Shakespeare gives his young lovers is so exquisite, allowing them to say to each other just what we would all say to a lover if we only knew how, it is easy to respond to this play as if it were about all young lovers rather than about a particular couple in a very unusual world. (When the play was rewritten in the eighteen century as The History and Fall of Caius Marius, the violent setting became that of a particularly discordant period in classical Rome; when Leonard Berstein rewrote the play as West Side Story, he chose the violent world of New York street gangs.)\par
\par
\par
Published January 1st 2004 by Washington Square Press (first published 1597)\par
Original TitleAn Excellent conceited Tragedie of Romeo and Juliet\par
ISBN 0743477111 (ISBN13: 9780743477116)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
CharactersRomeo Montague, Juliet Capulet, Tybalt, Mercutio, Benvolio...more\par
\par
gone with the wind\par
\par
margaret mitchell\par
\par
Gone with the Wind is a novel written by Margaret Mitchell, first published in 1936. The story is set in Clayton County, Georgia, and Atlanta during the American Civil War and Reconstruction era. It depicts the struggles of young Scarlett O'Hara, the spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation owner, who must use every means at her disposal to claw her way out of the poverty she finds herself in after Sherman's March to the Sea. A historical novel, the story is a Bildungsroman or coming-of-age story, with the title taken from a poem written by Ernest Dowson. \par
\par
Gone with the Wind was popular with American readers from the onset and was the top American fiction bestseller in the year it was published and in 1937. As of 2014, a Harris poll found it to be the second favorite book of American readers, just behind the Bible. More than 30 million copies have been printed worldwide.\par
\par
\par
\par
Published April 1st 1999 by Grand Central Publishing (first published 1936)\par
Original TitleGone with the Wind\par
ISBN 0446675539 (ISBN13: 9780446675536)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
CharactersScarlett O'Hara, Rhett Butler, Ashley Wilkes, Melanie Hamilton Wilkes, Wade Hampton Hamilton...more settingAtlanta, Georgia (United States) \par
\par
Literary AwardsPulitzer Prize for Novel (1937), National Book Award for Novel (1936)\par
\par
\par
\par
the princess bride::\par
\par
by William Goldman\par
\par
What happens when the most beautiful girl in the world marries the handsomest prince of all time and he turns out to be...well...a lot less than the man of her dreams?\par
\par
As a boy, William Goldman claims, he loved to hear his father read the S. Morgenstern classic, The Princess Bride. But as a grown-up he discovered that the boring parts were left out of good old Dad's recitation, and only the "good parts" reached his ears.\par
\par
Now Goldman does Dad one better. He's reconstructed the "Good Parts Version" to delight wise kids and wide-eyed grownups everywhere.\par
\par
What's it about? Fencing. Fighting. True Love. Strong Hate. Harsh Revenge. A Few Giants. Lots of Bad Men. Lots of Good Men. Five or Six Beautiful Women. Beasties Monstrous and Gentle. Some Swell Escapes and Captures. Death, Lies, Truth, Miracles, and a Little Sex.\par
\par
In short, it's about everything.\par
\par
Published July 15th 2003 by Ballantine Books (Ballantine Reader's Circle) (first published 1973)\par
Original TitleThe Princess Bride\par
ISBN 0345418263 (ISBN13: 9780345418265)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
CharactersButtercup, Westley, Prince Humperdinck, Inigo Montoya, Fezzik\par
\par
\par
\par
never never\par
\par
by Colleen Hoover\par
\par
Best friends since they could walk. In love since the age of fourteen.\par
\par
Complete strangers since this morning.\par
\par
He'll do anything to remember. She'll do anything to forget.\par
\par
\par
Published January 7th 2015 by Hoover Ink\par
Original TitleNever Never\par
ASINB00RZVNDSS\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesNever Never #1\par
CharactersCharlie Wynwood, Silas Nash\par
\par
\par
\par
thoughtfull:"\par
\par
by S.C. Stephens\par
\par
Every story has two sides, and in this new book, the epic love story between Kiera and Kellan is shown through his eyes. \par
\par
All Kellan Kyle needs is his guitar, and some clean sheets of paper. Growing up in a house that was far from a home, he learned a hard lesson: You're worthless. Now his life is comfortably filled with passionate music, loyal band mates, and fast women... until he meets her. \par
\par
Kiera makes him ache for more. Makes him feel for the first time that he's worth more. But there's one problem\emdash  she's his best friend's girl. \par
\par
Published February 24th 2015 by Forever\par
ASINB00LLIJ1DW\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesThoughtless #1.5\par
CharactersKellan Kyle, Denny Harris, Kiera Allen\par
\par
\par
\par
confess:\par
\par
by Colleen Hoover\par
\par
Auburn Reed is determined to rebuild her shattered life and she has no room for mistakes. But when she walks into a Dallas art studio in search of a job, she doesn\rquote t expect to become deeply attracted to the studio\rquote s enigmatic artist, Owen Gentry.\par
\par
For once, Auburn takes a chance and puts her heart in control, only to discover that Owen is hiding a huge secret. The magnitude of his past threatens to destroy everything Auburn loves most, and the only way to get her life back on track is to cut Owen out of it\emdash but can she do it?\par
Just when Kellan thought his emotional defenses were rock solid, Kiera's indecisive heart wreaks havoc on his soul, changing him forever. Losing Kiera is not an option. \par
\par
\par
humor::::\par
\par
\par
\par
calvin and hobbes\par
\par
\par
by Bill Watterson, G.B. Trudeau \par
\par
This is the first collection of the popular comic strip that features Calvin, a rambunctious 6-year-old boy, and his stuffed tiger, Hobbes, who comes charmingly to life.\par
\par
Published 1987 by Andrews McMeel Publishing\par
Original TitleCalvin and Hobbes\par
ISBN 0836220889 (ISBN13: 9780836220889)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesCalvin and Hobbes #1 \par
\par
\par
\par
A Confederacy of Dunces\par
\par
by John Kennedy Toole, Walker Percy \par
"A green hunting cap squeezed the top of the fleshy balloon of a head. The green earflaps, full of large ears and uncut hair and the fine bristles that grew in the ears themselves, stuck out on either side like turn signals indicating two directions at once. Full, pursed lips protruded beneath the bushy black moustache and, at their corners, sank into little folds filled with disapproval and potato chip crumbs."\par
\par
Meet Ignatius J. Reilly, the hero of John Kennedy Toole's tragicomic tale, A Confederacy of Dunces. This 30-year-old medievalist lives at home with his mother in New Orleans, pens his magnum opus on Big Chief writing pads he keeps hidden under his bed, and relays to anyone who will listen the traumatic experience he once had on a Greyhound Scenicruiser bound for Baton Rouge. ("Speeding along in that bus was like hurtling into the abyss.") But Ignatius's quiet life of tyrannizing his mother and writing his endless comparative history screeches to a halt when he is almost arrested by the overeager Patrolman Mancuso--who mistakes him for a vagrant--and then involved in a car accident with his tipsy mother behind the wheel. One thing leads to another, and before he knows it, Ignatius is out pounding the pavement in search of a job.\par
\par
Over the next several hundred pages, our hero stumbles from one adventure to the next. His stint as a hotdog vendor is less than successful, and he soon turns his employers at the Levy Pants Company on their heads. Ignatius's path through the working world is populated by marvelous secondary characters: the stripper Darlene and her talented cockatoo; the septuagenarian secretary Miss Trixie, whose desperate attempts to retire are constantly, comically thwarted; gay blade Dorian Greene; sinister Miss Lee, proprietor of the Night of Joy nightclub; and Myrna Minkoff, the girl Ignatius loves to hate. The many subplots that weave through A Confederacy of Dunces are as complicated as anything you'll find in a Dickens novel, and just as beautifully tied together in the end. But it is Ignatius--selfish, domineering, and deluded, tragic and comic and larger than life--who carries the story. He is a modern-day Quixote beset by giants of the modern age. His fragility cracks the shell of comic bluster, revealing a deep streak of melancholy beneath the antic humor. John Kennedy Toole committed suicide in 1969 and never saw the publication of his novel. Ignatius Reilly is what he left behind, a fitting memorial to a talented and tormented life.\par
\par
\par
Published January 1994 by Grove Weidenfeld (first published January 1980)\par
Original TitleA Confederacy of Dunces\par
ISBN 0802130208 (ISBN13: 9780802130204)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
CharactersIgnatius Jacques Reilly, Myrna Minkoff, Irene Reilly, Santa Battaglia, Angelo Mancuso...more settingNew Orleans, Louisiana (United States) \par
\par
Literary AwardsPulitzer Prize for Fiction (1981), PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction Nominee (1981)\par
\par
\par
\par
furiously happy\par
\par
\par
by Jenny Lawson\par
\par
In LET'S PRETEND THIS NEVER HAPPENED, Jenny Lawson baffled readers with stories about growing up the daughter of a taxidermist. In her new book, FURIOUSLY HAPPY, Jenny explores her lifelong battle with mental illness. A hysterical, ridiculous book about crippling depression and anxiety? That sounds like a terrible idea. And terrible ideas are what Jenny does best.\par
\par
According to Jenny: "Some people might think that being 'furiously happy' is just an excuse to be stupid and irresponsible and invite a herd of kangaroos over to your house without telling your husband first because you suspect he would say no since he's never particularly liked kangaroos. And that would be ridiculous because no one would invite a herd of kangaroos into their house. Two is the limit. I speak from personal experience. My husband says that none is the new limit. I say he should have been clearer about that before I rented all those kangaroos."\par
\par
"Most of my favorite people are dangerously fucked-up but you'd never guess because we've learned to bare it so honestly that it becomes the new normal. Like John Hughes wrote in The Breakfast Club, 'We're all pretty bizarre. Some of us are just better at hiding it.' Except go back and cross out the word 'hiding.'"\par
\par
Jenny's first book, LET'S PRETEND THIS NEVER HAPPENED, was ostensibly about family, but deep down it was about celebrating your own weirdness. FURIOUSLY HAPPY is a book about mental illness, but under the surface it's about embracing joy in fantastic and outrageous ways-and who doesn't need a bit more of that?\par
\par
\par
Published September 22nd 2015 by Flatiron Books\par
Original TitleFuriously Happy\par
ISBN 1250077001 (ISBN13: 9781250077004)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
Literary AwardsAudie Award for Humor (2016), Goodreads Choice Award Nominee for Humor (2015)\par
\par
\par
\par
bridgetJones diary\par
\par
by Helen Fielding\par
\par
\par
Meet Bridget Jones\emdash a 30-something Singleton who is certain she would have all the answers if she could:\par
a. lose 7 pounds\par
b. stop smoking\par
c. develop Inner Poise\par
\par
"123 lbs. (how is it possible to put on 4 pounds in the middle of the night? Could flesh have somehow solidified becoming denser and heavier? Repulsive, horrifying notion), alcohol units 4 (excellent), cigarettes 21 (poor but will give up totally tomorrow), number of correct lottery numbers 2 (better, but nevertheless useless)..."\par
\par
Bridget Jones' Diary is the devastatingly self-aware, laugh-out-loud daily chronicle of Bridget's permanent, doomed quest for self-improvement \emdash  a year in which she resolves to: reduce the circumference of each thigh by 1.5 inches, visit the gym three times a week not just to buy a sandwich, form a functional relationship with a responsible adult, and learn to program the VCR.\par
\par
Over the course of the year, Bridget loses a total of 72 pounds but gains a total of 74. She remains, however, optimistic. Through it all, Bridget will have you helpless with laughter, and \emdash  like millions of readers the world round \emdash  you'll find yourself shouting, "Bridget Jones is me!"\par
\par
\par
\par
Published June 1st 1999 by Penguin Books (first published 1996)\par
ISBN 014028009X (ISBN13: 9780140280098)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesBridget Jones #1\par
CharactersBridget Jones, Mark Darcy, Daniel Cleaver settingLondon, England (United Kingdom) \par
Edinburgh, Scotland \par
\par
Literary AwardsAudie Award for Solo Narration - Female (2000), British Book of the Year (1998)\par
\par
\par
\par
children:::\par
\par
\par
charlottes web\par
\par
\par
by E.B. White, Garth Williams (Illustrator), Rosemary Wells (Illustrations)\par
\par
\par
This beloved book by E. B. White, author of Stuart Little and The Trumpet of the Swan, is a classic of children's literature that is "just about perfect."\par
Some Pig. Humble. Radiant. These are the words in Charlotte's Web, high up in Zuckerman's barn. Charlotte's spiderweb tells of her feelings for a little pig named Wilbur, who simply wants a friend. They also express the love of a girl named Fern, who saved Wilbur's life when he was born the runt of his litter.\par
E. B. White's Newbery Honor Book is a tender novel of friendship, love, life, and death that will continue to be enjoyed by generations to come. This edition contains color illustrations by Garth Williams, the acclaimed illustrator of E.B. White's Stuart Little and Laura Ingalls Wilder's Little House series, among many other books.\par
Supports the Common Core State Standards\par
\par
Published October 1st 2001 by HarperCollinsPublishers (first published 1952)\par
Original TitleCharlotte's Web\par
ISBN 0064410935 (ISBN13: 9780064410939)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
URLhttp://www.harpercollins.com/9780064410939/charlottes-web-full-color\par
CharactersFern, Avery, Charlotte, Wilbur, Templeton settingUnited States of America \par
\par
Literary AwardsNewbery Honor (1953), George C. Stone Center for Children's Books Recognition of Merit Award (1970), Massachusetts Children's Book Award (1984), Laura Ingalls Wilder Award (1970)\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe \par
\par
by C.S. Lewis\par
\par
They open a door and enter a world \par
\par
NARNIA...the land beyond the wardrobe, the secret country known only to Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy...the place where the adventure begins.\par
\par
Lucy is the first to find the secret of the wardrobe in the professor's mysterious old house. At first, no one believes her when she tells of her adventures in the land of Narnia. But soon Edmund and then Peter and Susan discover the Magic and meet Aslan, the Great Lion, for themselves. In the blink of an eye, their lives are changed forever. \par
\par
Published 2005 by HarperCollins Publishers (first published October 16th 1950)\par
Original TitleThe Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe\par
ISBN 0060764899 (ISBN13: 9780060764890)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesThe Chronicles of Narnia (Publication Order) #1, The Chronicles of Narnia (Chronological Order) #2\par
CharactersAslan, Lucy Pevensie, Edmund Pevensie, Mr. Tumnus, Peter Pevensie...more settingLondon, England (United Kingdom) \par
Narnia \par
\par
Literary AwardsHugo Award Nominee for Best Novel (1954), Lewis Carroll Shelf Award (1962)\par
\par
\par
the hobbit::\par
\par
\par
\par
by J.R.R. Tolkien\par
\par
In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was a hobbit-hole, and that means comfort.\par
\par
Written for J.R.R. Tolkien\rquote s own children, The Hobbit met with instant critical acclaim when it was first published in 1937. Now recognized as a timeless classic, this introduction to the hobbit Bilbo Baggins, the wizard Gandalf, Gollum, and the spectacular world of Middle-earth recounts of the adventures of a reluctant hero, a powerful and dangerous ring, and the cruel dragon Smaug the Magnificent. The text in this 372-page paperback edition is based on that first published in Great Britain by Collins Modern Classics (1998), and includes a note on the text by Douglas A. Anderson (2001). Unforgettable!\par
\par
\par
Published August 15th 2002 by Houghton Mifflin (first published September 21st 1937)\par
Original TitleThe Hobbit : or There and Back Again\par
ISBN 0618260307 (ISBN13: 9780618260300)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesMiddle-Earth Universe, The History of the Hobbit #1-2\par
CharactersGandalf, Bilbo Baggins, Thorin Oakenshield, Smaug, Elrond Half-elven...more settingMiddle-earth \par
\par
Literary AwardsKeith Barker Millennium Book Award, Books I Loved Best Yearly (BILBY) Awards for Older Readers (1997), Mythopoeic Scholarship Award for Inklings Studies (1990)\par
\par
\par
Matilda\par
\par
by Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake \par
\par
Matilda is a little girl who is far too good to be true. At age five-and-a-half she's knocking off double-digit multiplication problems and blitz-reading Dickens. Even more remarkably, her classmates love her even though she's a super-nerd and the teacher's pet. But everything is not perfect in Matilda's world. For starters she has two of the most idiotic, self-centered parents who ever lived. Then there's the large, busty nightmare of a school principal, Mrs. ("The") Trunchbull, a former hammer-throwing champion who flings children at will and is approximately as sympathetic as a bulldozer. Fortunately for Matilda, she has the inner resources to deal with such annoyances: astonishing intelligence, saintly patience, and an innate predilection for revenge.\par
\par
She warms up with some practical jokes aimed at her hapless parents, but the true test comes when she rallies in defense of her teacher, the sweet Miss Honey, against the diabolical Trunchbull. There is never any doubt that Matilda will carry the day. Even so, this wonderful story is far from predictable. Roald Dahl, while keeping the plot moving imaginatively, also has an unerring ear for emotional truth. The reader cares about Matilda because in addition to all her other gifts, she has real feelings.\par
\par
\par
Published June 1st 1998 by Puffin (first published 1988)\par
Original TitleMatilda\par
ISBN 0141301066 (ISBN13: 9780141301068)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
CharactersMatilda Wormwood, Miss Honey, Miss Trunchbull settingUnited Kingdom \par
\par
Literary AwardsPrijs van de Nederlandse Kinderjury for 10-12 jaar en 13-16 jaar (1989), Audie Award for Children's Titles Ages 8-12 (2014), Books I Loved Best Yearly (BILBY) Awards for Read Aloud (1990), Younger Readers (1997) (1990), West Australian Young Readers' Book Award (WAYRBA) for Younger Readers (1989), Rebecca Caudill Young Reader's Book Award (1991)\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
heidi\par
\par
by Johanna Spyri, Angelo Rinaldi\par
\par
Orphaned Heidi lives with her gruff but caring grandfather on the side of Swiss mountain, where she befriends young Peter the goat-herd. She leads an idyllic life, until she is forced to leave the mountain she has always known to go and live with a sickly girl in the city. Will Heidi ever see her grandfather again? A classic tale of a young girl's coming-of-age, of friendship, and familial love\par
\par
Published November 15th 2002 by Kingfisher (first published 1881)\par
Original TitleHeidi\par
ISBN 0753454947 (ISBN13: 9780753454947)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesHeidi #1-2\par
\par
\par
charlie and the chocolate factory\par
\par
by Roald Dahl, Quentin Blake\par
\par
Complete with stunning new movie art for the cover, and an eight-page full-color insert of stills from director Tim Burton's new adaptation, Dahl's treasured novel appears unabridged in this tie-in edition.\par
\par
\par
Published June 2nd 2005 by Puffin (first published 1964)\par
Original TitleCharlie and the Chocolate Factory\par
ISBN 0142403881 (ISBN13: 9780142403884)\par
Edition LanguageEnglish\par
SeriesCharlie Bucket #1\par
CharactersCharlie Bucket, Willy Wonka, Violet Beauregarde, Veruca Salt, Augustus Gloop...more\par
Literary AwardsBooks I Loved Best Yearly (BILBY) Awards for Read Aloud (1992), North Dakota Children's Choice Award \par
\par
\par
\par
}
 